The following copyright statements and licenses apply to open source
software (“OSS”) distributed with the Broadcom product (the “Licensed
Product”). The term “Broadcom” refers solely to the Broadcom Inc.
corporate affiliate that distributes the Licensed Product. The Licensed
Product does not necessarily use all the OSS referred to below and may
also only use portions of a given OSS component.

To the extent required under an applicable open source license, Broadcom
will make source code available for applicable OSS upon request. Please
send an inquiry to opensource@broadcom.com including your name, address,
the product name and version, operating system, and the place of
purchase.

To the extent the Licensed Product includes OSS, the OSS is typically
not owned by Broadcom. THE OSS IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OR
CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. To the full extent permitted under applicable law,
Broadcom and its corporate affiliates disclaim all warranties and
liability arising from or related to any use of the OSS.

To the extent the Licensed Product includes OSS licensed under the GNU
General Public License (“GPL”) or the GNU Lesser General Public License
(“LGPL”), the use, copying, distribution and modification of the GPL OSS
or LGPL OSS is governed, respectively, by the GPL or LGPL. A copy of the
GPL or LGPL license may be found with the applicable OSS. Additionally,
a copy of the GPL License or LGPL License can be found at
https://www.gnu.org/licenses or obtained by writing to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA.

Apache Geode
Copyright 2016-2022 The Apache Software Foundation.

This product includes software developed at
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).


The following NOTICEs pertain to software distributed with this project.

stream-lib
Copyright 2016 AddThis

   This product includes software developed by AddThis.

   This product also includes code adapted from:

   Apache Solr (http://lucene.apache.org/solr/)
   Copyright 2014 The Apache Software Foundation

Jackson Core

  # Jackson JSON processor
  
  Jackson is a high-performance, Free/Open Source JSON processing library.
  It was originally written by Tatu Saloranta (tatu.saloranta@iki.fi), and has
  been in development since 2007.
  It is currently developed by a community of developers, as well as supported
  commercially by FasterXML.com.
  
  ## Licensing
  
  Jackson core and extension components may licensed under different licenses.
  To find the details that apply to this artifact see the accompanying LICENSE file.
  For more information, including possible other licensing options, contact
  FasterXML.com (http://fasterxml.com).
  
  ## Credits
  
  A list of contributors may be found from CREDITS file, which is included
  in some artifacts (usually source distributions); but is always available
  from the source code management (SCM) system project uses.

Spring Framework
Copyright (c) 2002-2018 Pivotal, Inc.

  This product is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0
  (the "License"). You may not use this product except in compliance with
  the License.
  
  This product may include a number of subcomponents with separate
  copyright notices and license terms. Your use of the source code for
  these subcomponents is subject to the terms and conditions of the
  subcomponent's license, as noted in the license.txt file.

Spring LDAP Core

   This product includes software developed by the Spring LDAP
   Project (http://www.springframework.org/ldap).
